= IMPORTANT =
Please use this site only for git clone and filing bugs/wishes. Also checkout [http://www.l33tbox.de the Blog] and the [http://www.l33tbox.de:8080/jenkins Jenkins instance] [http://www.l33tbox.de:9000 (click here to access sonar directly)].

= SoundBox =
By Oliver Zemann, and (hopefuly soon) many awesome contributors!

SoundBox is a simple to use media player for streaming sites like Jamendo, MyMusic, YouTube, and others. 


== Getting Started (as user) ==
If you just want to download a binary release, checkout the [https://github.com/olze/SoundBox/downloads Download Page] from GitHub for regular releases. I hope i can release a preview soon.
If you want to checkout the current development version, checkout [http://www.l333tbox.de:8080/jenkins/SoundBox-Distribution SoundBox Distribution artifacts] from the Jenkins server.

'''Requirements: '''

* '''JRE 1.5 and above, available [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html here].'''
* '''An extraction tool like [http://7-zip.org/ 7zip].'''

After downloading and extracting the archive, open the newly created directory and double-click on the SoundBox-Starter.jar.
The SoundBox should start right now.

If not, please make sure you have associated .jar files with your JRE. You can test this if you open a terminal (like cmd.exe in windows or xterm in Linux), change to the newly created directory and execute: java -jar SoundBox-Starter.jar

== Getting Started (as contributor) ==
If you want to contribute to the project, please contact me. There are many tasks that can be done, even without knowing what Java is ;)

For example writing Tutorials, creating a more beautiful README, internationalization (translating) … 

I will create some tutorials for developers soon.


== Technique ==
SoundBox is just a bunch of OSGi Bundles, communicating with each others. [http://www.osgi.org/Main/HomePage OSGi] is a specification for containers that handle such bundles (eg. loading/unloading/refreshing bundles, communication between bundles, …). There are some implementations out there, like Apache Felix (thats what i use), Equinox (what's working behind eclipse), Knopplerfish... 

== License ==
GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL) 

Mozilla Public License 1.1 (MPL 1.1) 

----
<references/>
